# LCSS OUTPUTS

Here you'll find all the Commons generated by the Summer School.

#### Identity
Here you'll find not the identity of LCSS but all the materials generated for the branding of the process started in LCSS. The result, BAOTAZ, is a Metabrand that embrace the whole project as a unicum.

#### Open Source Restaurant
A restaurant/bar was opened during the event to create a physical point of dialogue to talk and share ideas. A recipe book was created with all the recipes proposed during the event and with the poems that the chef Giorgio Cipolletta wrote daily to explain and enanche the experience of the meal.

#### Prototype
This folder contains the physical installation project. The installation is shaped as a big brain that receives all the emotions coming from social media listening on a specific topic 'inhabiting the planet'.
Inside the folder you'll find all the preparatory sketches as the final project with instruction for both physical and code parts.

#### Social Media Listening
The folder contains the material produced around the listening operation task held by Social Media Listening work-team. You'll find the operative Human Ecosystem Manual (to fast learn how to deal with it), the Position Paper of the whole process and the research keys and methods used to listen to the datas that drive the BAOTAZ installation.

#### Wearable technology
The wearable BAOTAZ schemes, sketches and codes are all unite here. You'll easily find the sketches that drive it with the instruction of their development.
